update: about-us & sidebars (#143)
RetroAchievements/docs: docs/general/about-us.md

- [Suffa28](https://retroachievements.org/user/Suffa28)
- [WilHiteWarrior](https://retroachievements.org/user/WilHiteWarrior)

### Community Manager

> The Community Manager helps facilitate communication between players and staff, navigate misunderstandings and conflicts, oversee our various social platforms, and moderation team support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Community Manager helps facilitate communication between players and staff, navigates misunderstandings and conflicts, oversees our various social platforms, and provides moderation team support:
```

Author: I just checked this with a chat bot because I wasn't seeing why the verb form that I used was wrong.  As I originally wrote the doc, I was referring the verbs back to "helps" and not "manager," hence why I went with "helps... facilitate," "helps... oversee," etc.  Very interesting experience!

Definitely missed the the "provide(s)" though.

All changes commited as suggested.
